README.md, before:

Anyapple
=======================================
By Alexander Liu


    Why this?

* I found the resources of [WifiPineapple](https://www.wifipineapple.com) were not so *OPEN*. So I did a bit hack into it.
And everyone can build his or her own WifiPineapple System.
I bought a cheap portable router which is only $20, **Lenovo PWR G-60**, which has Atheros 9331 with 64MB RAM, 16MB ROM, SD socket, USB 2.0 socket,  6000 MHA Lipo bettery built inside. Battery life can be upto 14 hours.
And I hacked it a bit with a better antenna.
All your need is a compatible router which can run OpenWRT.



WifiPineapple Mark 5 Infusion downloader
=======================================
* It was included.


Requiresments
-------------
* A Linux/Unix system that has installed *python, curl, wget*
* Good internet connection -- In some region, internet was almost down. So you would need proxies, such as *shadowsocks* or *proxychains* and etc..


Download all infusions
----------------------
* Usage as followings:

    ![demo](http://i.imgur.com/S8hrByh.png)

    ```bash
    python download_infusions.py
    # Or use a proxy
    proxychains4 python download_infusions.py
    ```

* Use in console

Connect to your router via SSH protocol. WifiPineapple is based on OpenWRT.

Try to update your system if the ISP blocks the Interent.
    ```bash
    export HTTP_PROXY="127.0.0.1:1080"
    export HTTPS_PROXY="127.0.0.1:1080"
    ```




#### Happy hacking!

Commit message:

add support to wifipineapple mark 5+

README.md, after:

Anyapple
=======================================
By Alexander Liu


    Why this?

* I found the resources of [WifiPineapple](https://www.wifipineapple.com) were not so *OPEN*. So I did a bit hack into it.
And everyone can build his or her own WifiPineapple System.
I bought a cheap portable router which is only $20, **Lenovo PWR G-60**, which has Atheros 9331 with 64MB RAM, 16MB ROM, SD socket, USB 2.0 socket,  6000 MHA Lipo bettery built inside. Battery life can be upto 14 hours.
And I hacked it a bit with a better antenna.
All your need is a compatible router which can run OpenWRT.



WifiPineapple Mark 5 Infusion downloader
=======================================
* It was included.


Requiresments
-------------
* A Linux/Unix system that has installed *python, curl, wget*
* Good internet connection -- In some region, internet was almost down. So you would need proxies, such as *shadowsocks* or *proxychains* and etc..


Download all infusions
----------------------
* Usage as followings:

    ![demo](static/snapshot170.png)

    It will take some time ...

    ```bash
    python download_infusions.py
    # Or use a proxy
    proxychains4 python download_infusions.py
    ```

* Use in console

Connect to your router via SSH protocol. WifiPineapple is based on OpenWRT.

This will create serveral folders, such as *./usr* , *./sys* , *./cli* and etc. and download them all into folders.

Try to update your system if the ISP blocks the Interent.

    ```
    export HTTP_PROXY="127.0.0.1:1080"
    export HTTPS_PROXY="127.0.0.1:1080"
    ```

* Extract to wifipineapple

Copy all the downloads to /pineapple/components/

After getting into wifipinapple, for example,  do 

    ```
    cd /pineapple/components/usr/
    for i in `ls | grep .tar.gz | xargs`; do tar -xzvf $i -C ./ ; done
    ```

Removing all infusion packages _*.tar.gz_

    ```
    cd /pineapple/components/usr/
    rm ./*.tar.gz -rf
    ```




#### Happy hacking!
